resources/building_this_p1.md, before:

---
    author: Andreas Stenberg
    title: Building This (Part 1)
    url: building_this_p1
    keywords: 
        - developer
        - blog
---

This is the first file of the project. Created before the `README.md` it is created with the hopes of this sometime reaching the web in the form of a blog that I can actually use. I have started multiple projects like this over the years and entertained many different solutions. It usually starts with an authentication module and proceeds to end with... an authentication module. I like to entertain concepts and move on. This leads to many projects started and very few finished. "This time it'll be different" I say time after time. 

### What is this
The idea of this project is to create a simple blog. It shall be:

* Easy to edit
* Include zero jQuery
* Be minimalistic in its design

##### Easy to edit
Why edit in a browser when I mostly know how markdown shows up? If everything is markdown and YAML based I don't even need an authentication system. Make it simple.

##### Include zero jQuery
Although this is mostly to entertain myself there is a secondary purpose with this. I want to bring down the size of this site.

##### Be minimalistic in its design
I know nothing about design. I can critique a design till the end of days but do not ask me to fix it. 


### Time to code

So now that this template is done I guess it is time to code. If this reaches the web the next part can be found [here. (Building This Part 2)](/building_this_p2)

Commit message:

Added article about the concept

resources/building_this_p1.md, after:

---
    author: Andreas Stenberg
    title: "Building This: New Beginings (Part 1)"
    url: building_this_p1_new_beginnings
    keywords: 
        - Development
        - Blog
---

This is the first file of the project. Created before the `README.md` it is created with the hopes of this sometime reaching the web in the form of a blog that I can actually use. I have started multiple projects like this over the years and entertained many different solutions. It usually starts with an authentication module and proceeds to end with... an authentication module. I like to entertain concepts and move on. This leads to many projects started and very few finished. "This time it'll be different" I say time after time. 

### What is this
The idea of this project is to create a simple blog. It shall be:

* Easy to edit
* Include zero jQuery
* Be minimalistic in its design

##### Easy to edit
Why edit in a browser when I mostly know how markdown shows up? If everything is markdown and YAML based I don't even need an authentication system. Make it simple.

##### Include zero jQuery
Although this is mostly to entertain myself there is a secondary purpose with this. I want to bring down the size of this site.

##### Be minimalistic in its design
I know nothing about design. I can critique a design till the end of days but do not ask me to fix it. 


### Time to code

So now that this template is done I guess it is time to code. If this reaches the web the next part can be found [here. (Building This Part 2)](/building_this_p2_the_concept)


### This series

1) [Building This: New Beginnings (Part 1)](/building_this_p1_new_beginnings)  
2) [Building This: The Concept (Part 2)](/building_this_p2_the_concept)
